c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\WindsorTests.dll
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\WindsorTests.pdb
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\SampleComponentLib.dll
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\obj\Debug\WindsorTests.dll
c:\users\matthews\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SampleComponent\WindsorTests\obj\Debug\WindsorTests.pdb
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\WindsorTests.dll
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\WindsorTests.pdb
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\SampleComponentLib.dll
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\obj\Debug\WindsorTests.dll
C:\Users\matthews\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ComComponentActivator\WindsorTests\obj\Debug\WindsorTests.pdb
